- What do you find most
sexy about my daughter?
- Her butt, I mean, like, you know,
I immediately went to
like you know, sex things.
She's gorgeous.
- So you're having sex
with my daughter's butt?
- No.
(fancy music)
- Mother-in-law.
- Son-in-law.
- He will be my father-in-law,
his name is Ned.
- Oh goodness.
- 16 years.
- So first off, Brian is my only.
(laughs)
She did, oh, you're gonna bring that up?
Yes, she did.
- I made him move out of the basement.
- Yes!
- Okay, go ahead, shoot.
- Were you a virgin when
you met my daughter?
- No, I was definitely not.
- How many people did
you sleep with before you
married my daughter?
- Nine.
- So she made 10.
- She was 10.
- When did you first sleep with my son?
- We waited a few weeks.
- Nice, a few weeks.
- The first time we had sex
was on his living room couch,
while his current girlfriend
was in their bedroom.
It happened, and that was like
a year before we got together.
- Well, let's just do this then.
- What did you first think about me
when I started dating your daughter?
- I was wondering why she was dating you.
- Where did you meet my son?
- At a New Year's Eve party
- And, tell me more.
- I was wearing a skirt with no underwear
(laughs)
- Have you ever had sex in my house?
- I knew this question was gonna come up.
- You've had sex in my house?
Oh you fucker, oh.
You and Jesse are in so
much trouble right now.
- What are you talking about?
I took a drink, that
doesn't mean anything.
- It means you don't
wanna tell me the truth!
- What is your least
favorite thing about me?
- Oh my,
- It's okay, you can be honest.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna say it,
sometimes you're insensitive
and I'm not gonna say anything more,
and I'm gonna drink to that.
- Sometimes I'm insensitive, ah.
- Do you think me and
your daughter will last?
That's a really long
pause for that question.
- What do you think is my worst habit?
- When I'm trying to be
confrontational with you,
you do this, look, look.
- No
(laughs)
- I hate that.
- I can't look at you in the face.
- Do you think I take good
enough care of your daughter?
- No.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
- No, wait, really?
- Do you think I take good
enough care of your son?
(laughs)
What? Why are you laughing?
- It seems like he does a lot of chores.
- You got a double shot of this?
- She needs a cleaning lady,
and she needs a landscaper.
- Okay, so when you guys
collude together and kill me and
collect the insurance money,
you can buy all that shit.
- Yes. (laughs)
- Jesus
Is this what you guys
talk about all day long?
- What's the worst thing you've ever said
about me to my partner?
You can't drink
- I can't drink? You wanna
know the worst thing...
- I wanna know this one.
- That you probably need to zip it,
and that's as far as
I'm gonna go with that.
- Okay.
- Are you a good lover to my son?
- Aww
- Yes, sometimes.
- How often do you have sex?
Better be more than once a week.
- It's not once a week
(gasps)
- Poor Brian. (laughs)
- How often?
- Twice a week, but if it
was up to me, everyday.
That's all on him.
- That's all on him.
- How often do you sleep with my daughter?
- Probably once a week.
- God I'm getting laid more than you.
- Okay, that's good to know.
She's pregnant though.
She's watching Real Housewives-
- No she wants to bone you,
and you're playing video games,
so what the fuck?
- Whoa, apparently based on her statistics
is that we're just boning plenty enough.
- I've heard.
- What do you mean you've heard?
- You have a reputation.
- Yes
(laughs)
- Oh, fuck, are you kidding me?
- I don't know, I just heard
that yours is very large.
- Cut that, oh my god.
I can't believe, how
many shots have you had?
Are you fucking kidding me right now?
It's only gonna be on the
internet for fucking ever,
so that's cool.
- I don't want this one.
- What is it?
- Hm-mmh
- No.
- Yeah, but.
- Just ask, this is a easy one.
- Have you ever cheated on my son?
if not, have you ever come close?
- No, why is that so hard for you to ask?
- Because that would hurt
him so bad, if he thought.
- I have never come close.
(laughs)
Your son is everything.
- Aw, thank you.
- Have you ever cheated on my daughter?
- No.
No.
- Why'd you look away?
- That's after like three nos though.
- Have you guys ever gotten
close to breaking up?
(laughs)
- Have you guys ever gotten
close to breaking up?
- Yeah.
We just weren't on the
same page about everything,
and, now we are, so we're good.
- Long haul.
- Got things, ya know,
yeah that's what it is,
that's what a relationship
is, you have problems, you
talk about them and you fix them.
- I'm so thankful that you're
my granddaughter's mother.
She's an extraordinary
mom, I mean how could
I have ever asked for anything more?
And my friend, you are one
of my best friends, too.
- Yeah, I'm thankful for the relationship
you have with Jesse and that
if him and I are having
a problem or something
I can call you, and
you're neutral about things and you
talk to me and you're often on my side.
- Yeah, I love you, too.
- I love you.
- Alright, let's do it, last one.
- If you weren't married to my
daughter, would you like me?
- Yes, yeah.
Yeah definitely. I think that we vibe,
I think we have the same
kind of sense of humor,
we would have talked, hung out.
- I would have liked you too.
- Let's take another shot, I really hope,
thank you so much for doing this with me,
I know this is kinda crazy
but I hope you had fun,
and I had a lot of fun.
- I had fun too.
- Good job, girl. (laughs)
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
- I love you so much.
- I do too, I love you so much.
- I don't know if I can say
I learned anything about you.
Except that you want me to do more chores.
- And that you had sex in my house!
- What, who said that?
- Oh, you fucker.